hi to all room today we're going
see how to make an old cake
high then the ingredients for the
recipe you will need three
hours of a sachet of baking powder
a jar of yogurt with rapeseed oil
or sunflower of the foreign 2
so for a start you will put
the 3rd in a container and you to them
mix with the podium
you put the podium with the 3rd as
these ci see there and mix you like
this you add sugar skin so
you take your yoghurt pot and you
put and you fill two sugar
times like this you remember these
twice the pulse of sugar to the brim
like it a little fine sugar
powdered sugar you scraped well with
a spoon at the bottom of the pot recover
everything they did like this site and
you mix well
once it's homogeneous you
to add two pots of famine so we
do as before you take
your yoghurt elbow and you put yourself
fill it twice with some
flour like this you fill d
first a little flour
two buds flour pasta flour or
so you remember well with the
spoon not to leave at the front
like these it's very simple actually
we just need to measure the
amounts of the rising pole
we will say I have good to get a
homogeneous mixture
once you've got a mix
well homogeneous we will add the bag of
the wolf's vowel towards chemicals like
this you put it in
you mix well like these and you
go to the three-quarters of the pot
yogurt in oil you take your
product or add the three-quarter one
little more a little more than the night there
as a problem it's just about the three
quarter of the podium you can see like
this you put in and you mix
for it to take well at the
preparation for those who have
ingredients to omit to give
a little taste for example of cinnamon
or even some vanilla you add to
this step there or I will add
walnut powder like these
present in this form
you put the ingredients that you
want more at that moment you in
put in the preparation
what you take vanilla ben
you add a little vanilla from the
preparation to add even the
Orange Blossom
You mix well for it
soaking up the preparation
once your preparation is fine
to mix
you will put it in a mold
buttered so you take buttered mold
like those hen theirs and advocates a
mold to miss or mold like this
you remove the spatula from the
preparation and you're going to sink
your not repairing in like those
ci like these using a spatula
we remove all the preparation and
you remember well like these dough
would be gone alone it's very easy
here
and when you have steeped in
put your baking tin in the oven
that is 220 degrees during 25
minutes after 25 minutes of cooking at
220 ° we get a cake like this
very beautiful that went well so let
the little thing to say then you would unroll it
and finally you can enjoy it hot
or even let it cool for the
cold hustled disc
in any case I tell you good appetite
and see you